TINY-8259: Change default table settings - `table_style_by_css` and `table_use_colgroups` (#7600)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Replaced 'Powered by Tiny' link text with logo #TINY-8371
- The `mceInsertTable` command can no longer open the insert table dialog. Use the `mceInsertTableDialog` command instead #TINY-8273
- Moved non-UI table functionality to core #TINY-8273

> - The `table_style_by_css` option now defaults to `true` #TINY-8259
> - The `table_use_colgroups` option now defaults to `true` #TINY-8259

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `table_style_by_css` option has been set to `true` by default #TINY-8259
- The `table_use_colgroups` option has been set to `true` by default #TINY-8259
```
Maybe to match with other similar changes above? Either that or change the ones above to match this format, as tbh I do prefer what you have.

Author: I have made it the same as the other entries
